README.md, before:

This project contains scripts to demonstrate basic PyTorch usage.  The code requires python 3, numpy, and pytorch.

To compare a manual backprop calculation with the equivalent PyTorch version, run:

```
python backprop_manual_calculation.py
w_l1 = 1.58
b_l1 = -0.14
w_l2 = 2.45
b_l2 = -0.11
a_l2 = 0.8506
updated_w_l1 = 1.5814
updated_b_l1 = -0.1383
updated_w_l2 = 2.4529
updated_b_l2 = -0.1062
updated_a_l2 = 0.8515
```
and
```
python backprop_pytorch.py
network topology: Net(
  (hidden_layer): Linear(in_features=1, out_features=1, bias=True)
  (output_layer): Linear(in_features=1, out_features=1, bias=True)
)
w_l1 = 1.58
b_l1 = -0.14
w_l2 = 2.45
b_l2 = -0.11
a_l2 = 0.8506
updated_w_l1 = 1.5814
updated_b_l1 = -0.1383
updated_w_l2 = 2.4529
updated_b_l2 = -0.1062
updated_a_l2 = 0.8515
```

Blog post: [PyTorch Hello World](https://dev.to/nestedsoftware/pytorch-hello-world-37mo)

To train a fully connected network (as described in [chapter 1](http://neuralnetworksanddeeplearning.com/chap1.html#exercise_358114) of [Neural Networks and Deep Learning](http://neuralnetworksanddeeplearning.com/), by Michael Nielsen) on the mnist dataset, run:

```
python pytorch_mnist.py
Test data results: 0.9778
```
This network achieves about 97% accuracy on the test dataset, which seems consistent with the results in the book (96.59%). Blog post: [PyTorch Image Recognition with Dense Network](https://dev.to/nestedsoftware/pytorch-image-recognition-dense-network-3nbd)

To train a convolutional network (as described in [chapter 6](http://neuralnetworksanddeeplearning.com/chap6.html#problem_834310) of Michael Nielsen's book), run the following.

Simple network:

```
python pytorch_mnist_convnet.py
Test data results: 0.9894
```
Two convolutional layers:
```
python pytorch_mnist_convnet.py --net 2conv
Test data results: 0.9915
```
Two convolutional layers with ReLU:
```
python pytorch_mnist_convnet.py --net relu --lr 0.03 --wd 0.00005
Test data results: 0.9926
```
Two convolutional layers and extended training data:
```
python pytorch_mnist_convnet.py --net relu --lr 0.03 --wd 0.00005 --extend_data
Test data results: 0.9942
```
Final network:
```
python pytorch_mnist_convnet.py --net final --epochs 40 --lr 0.005 --extend_data
Test data results: 0.9959
```
Blog post: [PyTorch Image Recognition with Convolutional Networks](https://dev.to/nestedsoftware/pytorch-image-recognition-with-convolutional-networks-4k17).

Commit message:

updated readme.md and use the same input image normalization for both training and test data

README.md, after:

This project contains scripts to demonstrate basic PyTorch usage.  The code requires python 3, numpy, and pytorch.

## Manual vs. PyTorch Backprop Calculation

To compare a manual backprop calculation with the equivalent PyTorch version, run:

```
python backprop_manual_calculation.py
w_l1 = 1.58
b_l1 = -0.14
w_l2 = 2.45
b_l2 = -0.11
a_l2 = 0.8506
updated_w_l1 = 1.5814
updated_b_l1 = -0.1383
updated_w_l2 = 2.4529
updated_b_l2 = -0.1062
updated_a_l2 = 0.8515
```
and
```
python backprop_pytorch.py
network topology: Net(
  (hidden_layer): Linear(in_features=1, out_features=1, bias=True)
  (output_layer): Linear(in_features=1, out_features=1, bias=True)
)
w_l1 = 1.58
b_l1 = -0.14
w_l2 = 2.45
b_l2 = -0.11
a_l2 = 0.8506
updated_w_l1 = 1.5814
updated_b_l1 = -0.1383
updated_w_l2 = 2.4529
updated_b_l2 = -0.1062
updated_a_l2 = 0.8515
```

Blog post: [PyTorch Hello World](https://dev.to/nestedsoftware/pytorch-hello-world-37mo)

## MNIST Recognition

The next examples recognize MNIST digits using a dense network at first, and then several convolutional network designs (examples are adapted from Michael Nielsen's book, Neural Networks and Deep Learning).

I've added additional data normalization to the input since the original blog articles were published, using the code below ([common.py](https://github.com/nestedsoftware/pytorch/blob/master/common.py)):

```python
normalization = transforms.Normalize((0.1305,), (0.3081,))
transformations = transforms.Compose([transforms.ToTensor(), normalization])
```

`0.1305` is the average value of the input data and `0.3081` is the standard deviation relative to the values generated just by applying `transforms.ToTensor()` to the raw data. The [data_normalization_calculations.md](https://github.com/nestedsoftware/pytorch/blob/master/data_normalization_calculations.md) file shows an easy way to obtain these values.

To train a fully connected network on the MNIST dataset (as described in [chapter 1](http://neuralnetworksanddeeplearning.com/chap1.html#exercise_358114) of [Neural Networks and Deep Learning](http://neuralnetworksanddeeplearning.com/), run:

```
python pytorch_mnist.py
Test data results: 0.9758
```
Blog post: [PyTorch Image Recognition with Dense Network](https://dev.to/nestedsoftware/pytorch-image-recognition-dense-network-3nbd)

To train convolutional networks (as described in [chapter 6](http://neuralnetworksanddeeplearning.com/chap6.html#problem_834310)), run the following.

Simple network:
```
python pytorch_mnist_convnet.py
Test data results: 0.9891
```

Two convolutional layers:
```
python pytorch_mnist_convnet.py --net 2conv
Test data results: 0.9913
```

Two convolutional layers with ReLU:
```
python pytorch_mnist_convnet.py --net relu --lr 0.03 --wd 0.00005
Test data results: 0.993
```

Two convolutional layers and extended training data:
```
python pytorch_mnist_convnet.py --net relu --lr 0.03 --wd 0.00005 --extend_data
Test data results: 0.9943
```

Final network:
```
python pytorch_mnist_convnet.py --net final --epochs 40 --lr 0.005 --extend_data
Test data results: 0.9964
```

Blog post: [PyTorch Image Recognition with Convolutional Networks](https://dev.to/nestedsoftware/pytorch-image-recognition-with-convolutional-networks-4k17).
